https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-31308 2.16 part 2 and 3 partially (#8887)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/obs_disable_uw_metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#disable-uw-alert-forwarding]
= Disabling user workload alert forwarding for managed clusters

[role="_abstract"]
To disable user workload alert forwarding for managed clusters, add the `mco-disable-uwl-alerting: "true"` annotation to the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource. When you set the annotation, forwarding user workload alerts to Alertmanager on your hub cluster stops and platform alerts continue to forward to Alertmanager.

> Setting the annotation ensures that the `user-workload-monitoring-config` config map is not managed or updated by the observability operator endpoint. After you update the configuraion, the user workload Prometheus instance on your managed cluster restarts.

Author: ```suggestion
Disable user workload alert forwarding to stop updates to the `user-workload-monitoring-config` `ConfigMap` from observability operator endpoint. To disable user workload alert forwarding for managed clusters, set the `mco-disable-uwl-alerting` parameter to `"true"` in the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource. When you set the parameter, forwarding user workload alerts to Alertmanager on your hub cluster stops and platform alerts continue to forward to Alertmanager.

After you update the configuraion, the user workload Prometheus instance on your managed cluster restarts.
```
